MTEB (#571)
huggingface/blog: mteb.md

First install the library:
```sh
pip install mteb
```

Next, benchmark a model on a dataset, for example [komninos word embeddings](https://huggingface.co/sentence-transformers/average_word_embeddings_komninos) on [Banking77](https://huggingface.co/datasets/mteb/banking77).

```python
from mteb import MTEB
from sentence_transformers import SentenceTransformer

model_name = "average_word_embeddings_komninos"
model = SentenceTransformer(model_name)

evaluation = MTEB(tasks=["Banking77Classification"])
results = evaluation.run(model, output_folder=f"results/{model_name}")
```

This should produce a `results/average_word_embeddings_komninos/Banking77Classification.json` file!

Now you can submit the results to the leaderboard by adding it to the metadata of the README.md of any model on the Hub.

There is an automatic script for doing so [here](https://github.com/embeddings-benchmark/mteb/blob/main/scripts/mteb_meta.py) which you can run run like this:

```sh
python mteb_meta.py results/average_word_embeddings_komninos
```

> This will produce a `mteb_metadata.md` file looking like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script will produce a `mteb_metadata.md` file that looks like this:
```

```sh
---
tags:
- mteb
model-index:
- name: average_word_embeddings_komninos
  results:
  - task:
      type: Classification
    dataset:
      type: mteb/banking77
      name: MTEB Banking77Classification
      config: default
      split: test
      revision: 0fd18e25b25c072e09e0d92ab615fda904d66300
    metrics:
    - type: accuracy
      value: 66.76623376623377
    - type: f1
      value: 66.59096432882667
---
```

> Now add the metadata to the top of a README.md of any model on the hub like [here](https://huggingface.co/Muennighoff/SGPT-5.8B-weightedmean-msmarco-specb-bitfit/blob/main/README.md) and it will show up on the [leaderboard](https://huggingface.co/spaces/mteb/leaderboard) after refreshing!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now add the metadata to the top of a README.md of any model on the Hub, like this [SGPT-5.8B](https://huggingface.co/Muennighoff/SGPT-5.8B-weightedmean-msmarco-specb-bitfit/blob/main/README.md) model, and it will show up on the [leaderboard](https://huggingface.co/spaces/mteb/leaderboard) after refreshing!
```
